# Mars-Rover
For this project, Mars Rover, we were tasked with assembling, setting up, and testing the SIUE Mars Rover Kit. First, we had to follow the Hardware Build instructions provided to us to build the rover. We didn't have to glue or solder anything together because it was already done for us, we just had to put on the wheels, put everything in the rover, and connect everything to the Navio2. Then we had to follow the Avionics Build instructions provided to us to setup the Navio2, connect the telemetry radios, connect the flight controller/reciever, learn/setup mission planner, learn/setup bin files, and learn/setup UAV Log Viewer. Lastly, We had to take our rovers outside for tuning and to run test. There were two task given to us,Task I - Weather data measurement and Task II - Autonomous navigation through waypoint. Task I was optional for extra credit. It required a DHT-11 to be connected so it could collect data will running its mission. Our group didn't do the extra credit but we did look into the hardware measurements and made some observations. Task II required us to set an 16-point grid with the distance between each neighborhood dot being 10 meters, which means the large square is 30 meters by 30 meters. But only 8 points were used as waypoints on Mission planner. The main objective was to tune the rover to get little to no distance error while autonomously driving the mission path, meaning it follows the lines of the waypoint exactly, and also to tune the rover so that it completed the mission path as fast as possible.

This Project was for MRE 320 with Dr. Zhang, Spring 2024, at Southern Illinois University - Edwardsville. This was done by group 3 consisting of Aurora Clark, Malina Brown, and Ethan Zumbahlen.

# What's in the Repository
There are two files and four folder. The files are the README.md and LICENSE and the folders are
